Add budget per project (#16)
unitaryfund/unitaryhackdev: README.md

        height: auto; margin: auto;
  display: block;" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/signup-PRESS%20PLAY-FFFF00?style=flat-square" alt="unitaryhack 2022" /></a>

> - 💰 Over 300$ USD per project in bounties for resolving tagged issues in [participating quantum open source projects](https://unitaryhack.dev/projects/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 💰 Over 8,000 USD in bounties for resolving tagged issues in [participating quantum open source projects](https://unitaryhack.dev/projects/).
```
